Update Ambient content (#841)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/ambient.md

![Workloads Captured by Ambient](/images/documentation/features/ambient/pod-captured.png)

> * It is possible to check each pod protocol in the information tooltip. In Ambient, instead of TCP, they use HBONE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is possible to check each pod protocol in the information tooltip. In Ambient, instead of TCP, it uses HBONE. 
```

![Pod details protocol](/images/documentation/features/ambient/protocol.png)

> * When a workload traffic is handled by a Waypoint, the workload details will show a link to the proxy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When workload traffic is handled by a Waypoint, the workload details will show a link to the proxy:
```

![Waypoint link](/images/documentation/features/ambient/waypoint-link.png)

### Waypoint proxy details

The workload details for a Waypoint has specific Waypoint data. It is identified with the L7 label: 

![Waypoint label](/images/documentation/features/ambient/waypoint-label.png)

> The proxy status shows a new info message when some of the Discovery Services is IGNORED, and there are no other errors: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy status shows a new info message when some of the Discovery Services are IGNORED, and there are no other errors: 
```

![Waypoint proxy status](/images/documentation/features/ambient/waypoint-proxy-status.png)

This condition is usually expected, but it is shown as an info in case it is not. 

> The waypoint proxy generates traces for the services that redirects the traffic from, and this is where it can be checked, because the proxy generates the traces with the waypoint service name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The waypoint proxy generates traces for the services for which it handles traffic, and this is where it can be checked, because the proxy generates the traces with the waypoint service name:
```

![Waypoint traces](/images/documentation/features/ambient/waypoint-traces.png)

> For the waypoint proxies, it is also possible to see the Envoy tab: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For waypoint proxies, it is also possible to see the Envoy tab: 
```

![Waypoint Envoy](/images/documentation/features/ambient/waypoint-envoy.png)

### ztunnel details

> The workload details for a Ztunnel workload has specific data. It has a new Ztunnel tab containing the configuration for the services and workloads that handles traffic for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workload details for a Ztunnel workload has specific data. It has a new Ztunnel tab containing the configuration for the services and workloads for which it handles traffic. 
```
